st1 [1913][ADD] product_sale_price_security (#8)
qrtl/psc-custom: product_sale_price_security/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does this following:

> * Users who are not in the group_product_sale_price cannot see not the sale_price of products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hide sales price fields of the product from the users without group_product_sale_price. Note that this security is implemented only at the view level.
```
